How yanga to be a end of section hang out with you so what have they learn in this tiny section.
Well it sounds like not much but really they've figured out how to get the best version of God and for
them what their requirements are what it picked up they're figured out how to start a new project and
where the consolers which is key.
So then when we go from here.
Well I suggest that you start the next section straight away even if you don't you think you've got
time even if you only watch half of the next video.
There's a psychological trick here which is that writers often suffer from writer's block that is they
don't know how to get them back into the writing context.
If you leave a sentence unfinished you're more likely to be go and finish that sentence generate that
easy initial momentum and then pick it up so so that you keep momentum on the course one at the straight
to the next video now leave it as soon as you need to leave it and just come back to it.
You're more likely to succeed that way.
So good luck and we'll see you in the next section.